Jen is actually the name that my family and friends call me. And so, in
my personal life, most people call me Jen. I do prefer that my students
call me Doctor Trev. It and I used to think that that made me
feel like it made me feel very stuffy inside to say, Call me Doctor
Trev. It like, Who are you, lady? But a friend of mine who is also a
doctor and an academic, pointed out to me that particularly for women,
it's important for us. Thio claim our titles. Um, and part of the
reason for that is that you know, if you don't see examples of female
doctors, then particularly if you're a female, you may think that
that is just not a possibility that's open to you. And even if you're
not a female, you may just assume that females just aren't doctors
because you haven't seen any of them. So that's the reason that I
actually do like to have my want my students to call me doctor, um,
to acknowledge the title because I want other students. I want to be
an example. Thio future students that Yeah, I'm a doctor. I'm a woman.
I'm married. I have kids. I have pets. I have a car that you know
I need to take and get fixed. Like I'm just a normal person. I am
just like you. But I am a doctor. And so if I could be a doctor, you
could be a doctor.